Create a `TESTING.md` document (#45)
usnistgov/oscal-deep-diff: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to the OSCAL Project

This page is for potential contributors to the OSCAL project's oscal-deep-diff.
It provides basic information on the OSCAL project, describes the main ways people can make contributions, explains how to report issues with OSCAL, and lists pointers to additional sources of information.

## Project approach

The approach we’re taking with OSCAL is agile. We’re adopting the philosophy of implementing the 20% of the functionality that solves 80% of the problem. We’re trying to focus on the core capabilities that are needed to provide the greatest amount of benefit. Because we’re working on a small set of capabilities, that allows us to make very fast progress. We’re building the features that we believe solve the biggest problems, so we’re providing the most value.

> We track our current work items using GitHub [project cards](https://github.com/usnistgov/OSCAL/projects). Our active project is typically the lowest numbered open project within the previously referenced page.

Reviewer: Minor and non-blocking, not sure we want to point to this now as the situation evolved as you patiently waited for my review. 😆 

```suggestion
We track our current work items using GitHub [project cards](https://github.com/orgs/usnistgov/projects/25/views/2). Our active project is typically the lowest numbered open project within the previously referenced page.
```

> _Note that the main OSCAL repository's projects are still used to track oscal-deep-diff progress through tracker tickets._

Reviewer: Non-blocking: still true?

Author: Good point, I'll update this line as well.

## Issue reporting and handling

All requests for changes and enhancements to OSCAL are initiated through the project's [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/usnistgov/oscal-deep-diff/issues). To initiate a request, please [create a new issue](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-issue/). The following issue templates exist for creating a new issue:

-   [User Story](https://github.com/usnistgov/oscal-deep-diff/issues/new?template=feature_request.md&labels=enhancement%2C+User+Story): Use to describe a new feature or capability to be added to OSCAL.
-   [Defect Report](https://github.com/usnistgov/oscal-deep-diff/issues/new?template=bug_report.md&labels=bug): Use to report a problem with an existing OSCAL feature or capability.
-   [Question](https://github.com/usnistgov/oscal-deep-diff/issues/new?labels=question&template=question.md): Use to ask a question about OSCAL.

The core OSCAL project team regularly reviews the open issues, prioritizes their handling, and updates the issue statuses and comments as needed.

## Communications mechanisms

There are two mailing lists for the project:

> -   *oscal-dev@nist.gov* for communication among parties interested in contributing to the development of OSCAL or exchanging ideas. Subscribe by sending an email to [oscal-dev-join@nist.gov](mailto:oscal-dev-join@nist.gov). To unsubscribe send an email to [oscal-dev-leave@nist.gov](mailto:oscal-dev-leave@nist.gov).

Reviewer: Minor, [per our docs](https://pages.nist.gov/OSCAL/contact/#oscal-mailing-lists) and prior experience, the join/leave emails need updating, obviously minor.

```suggestion
-   *oscal-dev@nist.gov* for communication among parties interested in contributing to the development of OSCAL or exchanging ideas. Subscribe by sending an email to [oscal-dev+subscribe@list.nist.gov](mailto:oscal-dev+subscribe@list.nist.gov). To unsubscribe send an email to [oscal-dev+unsubscribe@list.nist.gov@nist.gov](mailto:oscal-dev+unsubscribe@list.nist.gov).
```

> -   *oscal-updates@nist.gov* for low-frequency updates on the status of the OSCAL project. Subscribe by sending an email to [oscal-updates-join@nist.gov](mailto:oscal-updates-join@nist.gov). To unsubscribe send an email to [oscal-updates-leave@nist.gov](mailto:oscal-updates-leave@nist.gov).

Reviewer: Minor and non-blocking, ditto here.

```suggestion
-   *oscal-updates@nist.gov* for low-frequency updates on the status of the OSCAL project. Subscribe by sending an email to [oscal-updates+subscribe@list.nist.gov](mailto:oscal-updates+subscribe@list.nist.gov). To unsubscribe send an email to [oscal-updates+unsubscribe@list.nist.gov](mailto:oscal-updates+unsubscribe@list.nist.gov).
```

1. Once you have staged your changes, you will need to commit them. When committing, you will need to include a commit message. The commit message should describe the nature of your changes (e.g., added new feature X which supports Y). You can also reference an issue from the OSCAL repository by using the hash symbol. For example, to reference issue #34, you would include the text "#34". The full command would be: `git commit -m "added new feature X which supports Y addressing issue #34"`.
1. Next, you must push your changes to your personal repo. You can do this with the command: `git push`.
1. Finally, you can [create a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork/).

### Repository structure

This repository consists of the following directories and files pertaining to the oscal-deep-diff sub-project:

-   [.github/](.github): Contains GitHub issue and pull request templates for the OSCAL project.
-   [.vscode/](.vscode): Contains editor-specific settings and run configurations.
-   [bin/](bin): Contains node executable entry-points for oscal-deep-diff CLI.
-   [examples/](examples): Contains example projects using this library.

> -   [meta/](meta): Contains mic. files

Reviewer: Non-blocking, did you mean misc in place of mic.?

```suggestion
-   [meta/](meta): Contains miscellaneous files
```
